Added a note on version syntax (#887)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/testing-sources.md

```

Yep, we know this syntax is a little less than ideal, so we're hoping to improve it in a future release. Check out the [model selection syntax](node-selection/syntax) for more examples!

:::info Node selection syntax 
In dbt 0.21.0, the node selection syntax was standardised (https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/pull/3791) to use `--select` everywhere. Before this, some commands like `dbt run` and `dbt test` used `--models` instead.  
 

> Older versions show the error because argparse (https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#allow-abbrev) is expanding `--select` to `--selector`, a different flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older versions still show an error because [argparse](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#allow-abbrev) is expanding `--select` to `--selector`, which is a different flag.
```

> To fix this issue, either upgrade to dbt 0.21.0 or higher or use `--models` instead of `--select`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this issue, either upgrade to dbt 0.21.0 or higher, or use `--models` instead of `--select`.
```
